Update meeting-expiration.md (#9094)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/meeting-expiration.md

#### Will a retention and/or deletion policy I've set in the Security & Compliance center override the Teams meeting recording expiration setting?

The auto-expiration feature behaves just like a user deletion. See the below examples for further clarification:

- If you have a policy that says all files in a site must be retained for 100 days, and the expiration setting for a Teams meeting recording is 30 days, then the recording will be retained for the full 100 days.
- If you have a deletion policy that says all Teams meeting recordings will be deleted after five days and you have an expiration setting for a Teams meeting recording of 30 days, then the recording will be deleted after five days.

> - If you have a deletion policy that says all Teams meeting recordings will be deleted after 60 days and yyou have an expiration setting for a Teams meeting recroding of 30 days, then the auto-expiration feature will delete it after 30 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have a deletion policy that says all Teams meeting recordings will be deleted after 60 days and you have an expiration setting for a Teams meeting recording of 30 days, then the auto-expiration feature will delete it after 30 days.
```
